DataGrid/Gantt: Rewrite PDF troubleshooting topic (#7630)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/pdfExporter/exportGantt(options).md

    url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Gantt/ExportToPDF/"
}

[note]

- This method uses [jsPDF](https://github.com/parallax/jsPDF) v2.3.1+ to generate PDF files, and the [jsPDF-AutoTable](https://github.com/simonbengtsson/jsPDF-AutoTable) plugin to create tables within generated PDFs.
- To generate PDFs with unsupported characters, refer to the following troubleshooting guide: [Export Unsupported Characters - Gantt](/Documentation/Guide/Troubleshooting/PDF_Export_Issues/Export_Unsupported_Characters/Gantt/).

[/note]

> In the following example, the [onClick](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton/1%20Configuration/onClick.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick') handler of a standalone toolbar item calls **exportGantt**:

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean by "a standalone toolbar item". Isn't that just a button? :-) And the link goes to "dxButton.onClick" it seems. 

The issue is in the word "standalone". Do you mean that toolbar is standalone or the button is? Does it matter in this context? Maybe just say "toolbar button". 

```suggestion
In the following example, the [onClick](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton/1%20Configuration/onClick.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick') handler of a toolbar button calls **exportGantt**:
```

Author: Yeah I agree, simply "toolbar button" is far more clear and concise. I skimmed over this sentence and didn't think twice about the necessity of the word "standalone". I think it was copied over from the exportDataGrid docs—where it does make sense, as the button in question is separate from the DataGrid component that's being exported. I shall remove it from exportGantt now

> In the following example, the [onClick](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton/1%20Configuration/onClick.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick') handler of a toolbar button calls **exportGantt**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, a toolbar button's [onClick](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton/1%20Configuration/onClick.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick') event handler calls **exportGantt**:
```
